(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Did you tell me or not that women
like to see dicks?
I'm the guy asking you a fucking question.
How's that?
Exactly!
Get out of the way now.
Now he knows how to be a man,
right?
Now he knows how to be a man.
Stay out of the women's locker room.
We don't want it.
He needs to have his gym membership revoked
for that shit.
And the woman told you.
He assaulted me.
The girl told already.
We already filed reports.
No, no.
I love the video.
You can't give it to me for this.
I'm a woman and I have every right
to not want a man in the restroom
when I'm naked.
There are girls naked in there.
Look at them walking in there like it's
okay.
It's not okay.